README.md, before:

# Fair Taste Berlin

This repo contains a simple form for submitting job applications and a small Node server that relays submissions via email.

## Running locally

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Create an `.env` file based on `.env.example` and provide the SMTP credentials.
3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   The server will listen on port `3000` by default and serves the form from the same origin.
   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to access the form and API.

## Deploying static site

The easiest way to run the project is to use the Node server which serves both the form and the API.
When hosting the front‑end on a different domain (for example GitHub Pages) you still need to specify the URL of your backend API. Edit the `window.API_BASE_URL` value in `index.html` or set it dynamically before `app.js` is loaded:

```html
<script>
  window.API_BASE_URL = "https://your-backend.example.com";
</script>
<script src="app.js"></script>
```

The form will post to `<API_BASE_URL>/api/apply`.

Commit message:

Handle missing SMTP config using Ethereal

README.md, after:

# Fair Taste Berlin

This repo contains a simple form for submitting job applications and a small Node server that relays submissions via email.

## Running locally

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Create an `.env` file based on `.env.example` and provide the SMTP credentials.
   When no credentials are provided, the server automatically falls back to a temporary
   [Ethereal](https://ethereal.email/) account and prints a preview URL for each email.
3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   The server will listen on port `3000` by default and serves the form from the same origin.
   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to access the form and API.

## Deploying static site

The easiest way to run the project is to use the Node server which serves both the form and the API.
When hosting the front‑end on a different domain (for example GitHub Pages) you still need to specify the URL of your backend API. Edit the `window.API_BASE_URL` value in `index.html` or set it dynamically before `app.js` is loaded:

```html
<script>
  window.API_BASE_URL = "https://your-backend.example.com";
</script>
<script src="app.js"></script>
```

The form will post to `<API_BASE_URL>/api/apply`.
